Initial release notes (#21)
smartrent/quokka: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> Quokka attempts follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quokka attempts to follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) and
```
